#Lore

The Edicts of Lumen During antiquity, mighty [[sorcerer-kings]] ruled a continent spanning empire using their immense arcane power. The [[sorcerer-kings]] became tyrants who scarred the land with magical wars and held those without arcane magical power in bondage. The iron rule of the [[sorcerer-kings]] was ended by the clerics and paladins of the [[Faith of the Sacred Flame]] a thousand years ago. However, those born with arcane magical ability have faced discrimination ever since, and at times, the religious ministry has endorsed vicious persecution against mages. Even today, many common folk consider a mageborn child a terrible curse. 
Outright conflict ended with the Edicts of Lumen, a magical treaty between the Amethyst Academy, the continental nobility, and the Faith of the Sacred Flame. Signed three centuries ago, this agreement separates the political and economic powers of clergy, mages, and nobles. The Edicts of Lumen comprise six main articles:
- **The Articles of Inheritance**: bar all mages from holding noble titles or owning land.
- **The Articles of Neutrality** require the Amethyst Academy remain neutral and impartial with regards to the social, economic, and political affairs of the continent, but also grant protection under the law to all mages.
- **The Articles of Guardianship**: grant the Amethyst Academy the authority to take any child born with magical capabilities as wards to train in magic until they come of age, including mageborn of noble houses and royalty.
- **The Articles of Enterprise**: permit the Amethyst Academy to operate as a self-governing mage guild to control the sale of magical goods and arcane magical services throughout the continent, but they may not discriminate or charge their clients differently.
- **The Articles of Malediction**: disallow the Academy from teaching magical practices such as summoning demons and creating undead, and forbid mages from using magic to directly influence or control members of the nobility or clergy.
- **The Articles of Umbrage**: detail a complex system for resolving minor infractions in a peaceful manner, reparations for damages for more serious violations, and the circumstances when parties may use violent force to enforce compliance.