#realms_of_the_continent 

The realm of Elyria lies on a large peninsula south of the [[Drakeclaw]] Mountains. The land comprises vast rolling prairies and river basins broken up by rocky arid hills and a mountainous coast. Nestled within are pockets of imposing pinewood forests, and great deposits of precious minerals such as gold and silver. Elyrians are known for being kind-hearted and outgoing folk eager to share the bounty of their land. Most live a rural life in small villages along the rivers and coasts. Indeed, the fertile river valleys at the heart of Elyria were an early cradle of civilization, and the countryside is dotted with the ruins of ancient cities. The Holy City of [[Lumen]] is the capital of Elyria. The [[Faith of the Sacred Flame]] was founded here, and the shining city is the seat of power for the Divine Matriarch. The most fervent and orthodox adherents to the faith are found amongst the Elyrian people. Beyond Lumen, there are few large cities save several bustling port towns that are hubs for international trade. The Elyrian navy is amongst the finest in the continent.

# A Rising Theocracy

Originally, Elyria was a monarchy, but today, the nation is effectively a theocracy ruled by the Divine Matriarch. As leader of the [[Faith of the Sacred Flame]], the Divine Matriarch has traditionally been regarded as a pillar of wisdom, truth, and justice, so they often mediate difficult political matters. When the Elyrian royal line went extinct, a parliament drawn from the Elyrian nobility determined that the Divine Matriarch would appoint a Lord Regent to lead them. Together, the noble parliament and the Lord Regent would serve as a ruling body for the nation.