- **Arcane Magic**
The arcane magic of sorcerers and wizards draws upon otherworldly energies. The ability to tap into these forces is reliant on a recessive genetic trait in mortals - such individuals are called [[mageborn]]. Signs that a person is mageborn typically emerge in late childhood or early puberty, usually as random displays of wild magic. In some rare cases it does not develop until adulthood. Mortals who lack the mageborn gene cannot become sorcerers or wizards under any circumstances. 
   By the [[Edicts of Lumen]], it is [[the Amethyst Academy]] takes guardianship over any child born in the realms who manifests magical ability, whether they are a royal heir or commoner. A child who bristles against Academy training — or who was not taken in by them — most often becomes a sorcerer. 
   Bards and warlocks also work arcane magic, but do not necessarily depend on mageborn lineage to do so. Instead, warlocks gain arcane power through pacts with eldritch entities, and bards find supernatural inspiration to harness the Words of Creation. Regardless, many keep their powers secret. 

- **Divine Magic**
In the world of [[Drakkenheim]], divine spellcasting powers are not granted by gods. Instead, clerics, druids, and paladins learn to cast spells by channeling the supernatural forces of light and shadow that underscore the cosmos. In theory, such powers are attainable by anyone, but in practice only exceptionally gifted individuals master even the lowest-level divine spells. As such, divine spellcasting is viewed as a disciplined and sacred technique attainable only by those with sufficient will and devotion, and only after years of meditation and training. Its practitioners are not considered mageborn.
   Violating one’s religious tenets will not cause a cleric, druid, or paladin to lose their powers. However, a personal crisis of faith brought on by some discordant change in behavior and morality could cause an individual to lose their divine spellcasting powers. More often, a cleric, druid, or paladin who commits some grave trespass risks retribution from other members of their religion. 
   
- **Other Spellcasters**
There are many rudimentary techniques for casting a small smattering of cantrips and lesser spells, represented by rangers and subclasses or feats that grant minor spellcasting features. Such characters are viewed as merely dabblers, not mageborn.