#Lore 

In the world of Drakkenheim, divine spellcasting powers are not granted by gods. Instead, clerics, druids, and paladins learn to cast spells by channeling the supernatural forces of light and shadow that underscore the cosmos. In theory, such powers are attainable by anyone, but in practice only exceptionally gifted individuals master even the lowest-level divine spells. As such, divine spellcasting is viewed as a disciplined and sacred technique attainable only by those with sufficient will and devotion, and only after years of meditation and training. Its practitioners are not considered mageborn, or 'born with arcane magic' as wizards or sorcerers in this are.
- Violating one’s religious tenets will not cause a cleric, druid, or paladin to lose their powers. However, a personal crisis of faith brought on by some discordant change in behavior and morality could cause an individual to lose their divine spellcasting powers. More often, a cleric, druid, or paladin who commits some grave trespass risks retribution from other members of their religion.
- In the world of Drakkenheim, gods do not physically manifest in the world, intervene in mortal affairs, or speak directly with mortals. Myths and legends passed down from distant eons tell such tales, but these events have not happened in recorded history. Instead, the inspired words of prophets, oracles, and heroes laid the foundations for the world’s many religions.
- Powerful extraplanar entities such as archangels, demon lords, and outsiders exist and interact with mortals. Many extensively meddle in earthly matters, making pacts and offering dark counsel. Some even claim to be gods. When asked questions regarding the true nature of the cosmos or divinity, however, they speak in cryptic riddles.

Dominant faith within the setting is the [[Faith of the Sacred Flame]], divided and represented within [[Drakkenheim]] by the [[Knights of the Silver Order]] and by the [[Falling Fire]]. 

# Other Religions
Although many people keep the Flame, there are hundreds of smaller religions with disparate beliefs, doctrines, and practices. Here are some of the most notable:

- **The Old Faith**
This disparate religion is dedicated to a pantheon of primal deities who have whispered to mortals through nature for untold generations, such as primal Nodens, vengeful Kromac, honorable Nuada, and nurturing Danu, but there are countless more. Their beliefs and practices vary widely based on the tenets of the specific patron god, but their myths often surround the elements, the seasons, the land, and ancestor worship. Many such beliefs originated with the ancient orcish and dwarven peoples of the continent. Others are closely connected to mysterious entities who inhabit extraplanar worlds such as Dreamland, the Elemental Chaos, and are often kept by the elves. Druids are particularly common adherents and priests of the Old Faith, but clerics and paladins of the Old Faith are not unknown.

- **Shadow Cults**
Throughout the ages, various ‘shadow faiths’ and heretical sects have emerged surrounding the [[Faith of the Sacred Flame]], some of which embrace an opposing force called the Exalted Darkness. These cults develop their own mysteries and esoteric practices, or devote themselves to worshipping enigmatic god-like beings such as Morrigan the Phantom Queen, the Night Serpent, the Lord of the Undead, and powerful entities who inhabit the Shadowlands. Entities such as this are exceptionally rare.
   Some of these chthonic entities seek to devour the light and plunge the world into darkness unending. However, not all of these faiths are evil, with practitioners who view shadow and light as part of a necessary balance. Regardless, followers of the Sacred Flame condemn these beliefs, banishing their rites and practices. In the same manner that deep faith and contemplation leads followers of the Sacred Flame to become clerics and paladins, one may also channel the Shadow itself. Clerics are heralds of darkness, trickery, magic, and death, and paladins often invoke dark oaths to vengeful causes or ambitious conquest. Followers of the Shadow Faith may even become warlocks, embracing dark and fiendish patrons.