Valika: generally is seen as the least advanced of all the different continents in the wider world. The world at large can have things that are very advanced, stuff that kind of looks like if Nikola Tesla tried weaponizing more than a few of his designs and stuff. Black power and explosives are newer, but not exceedingly so, and it would be quite rare for there to be firearms in the north- though you might see a few and definitely a couple explosives improvised here and there. Recent innovation is attempting to match what spellcasters can do.
- In terms of tools, the more advanced locations make use of metallurgy to a specific degree and can even benefit from things like mills and longhouses. Magic has its place to supplement a lot of that and that does include special materials that can allow for more durable things to get crafted like special armor and weapons. The most advanced location in the Valikan clans will be making use of metals like tin, iron, copper, silver, and even stuff like adamantine. Using those doesn't exclude them from using stone in their craftsmanship either, however.
- Paper is something that's relatively uncommon but not unheard of.
- Gathering materials is a usually more difficult affair which is why raiding is a thing. 

Drakkenheim: is a bit more flexible and this would be a conversation to be had. Clockwork is present, places of learning are prominent, and there's a good deal of different technology present in every day life. They're ahead of the game when compared to a place like Valika, but the wider world that Valika is in would have their Tesla-style items (the most advanced stuff) be a bit beyond what Drakkenheim has going on. Drakkenheim probably sits as more advanced, but how much can be talked about and selected when we start to play.
- At the most advanced, I've considered having things in Drakkenheim that are reminiscent of how technology was in the middle and late stages of World War 1 I think would be a lot more fun for me personally. For a baseline, renaissance with guns and more prominent clockwork would be the least advanced the setting is.