#realms_of_the_continent 

**Westemär and Drakkenheim Overview**
The Realm of Westemär stretches north from the [[Drakeclaw]] and [[Glimmer Mountains]], along the [[Crystal Coast]] to northern tundras. The heartland is made up of deep dark forests surrounding wide flowing rivers, interspersed with areas of fertile marshland. The land is prosperous and rich in natural resources: iron, salt, and coal mines, fine timber, and excellent quarries. These industries supported the realm’s once-great military strength and built the impressive architecture of its cities. As such, the nobility are distinguished, but materialistic and prideful, in contrast to the hard-working and pragmatic common folk.
[[Drakkenheim]] was the metropolitan capital of Westemär and home to the ruling family, [[House von Kessel]]. Fifteen years ago, a great meteor plummeted into Drakkenheim from the skies above, killing thousands of civilians, toppling the von Kessel monarchy, spreading the toxic [[Haze]] throughout the city, and ultimately plunging Drakkenheim into chaos and ruin. The once grand city now serves as a root of political strife, a hunting ground for contaminated abominations, and a grim reminder of glory irreversibly ruined by disaster.
In this world, the [gods](religion) are silent and distant. They don’t manifest physically nor speak with worshippers, and do not interfere in earthly matters. Planar cosmology is mysterious and unknowable, but sages have still developed many conflicting (and wildly incorrect) theories. 
[Divine spellcasting](magic) powers aren’t granted by gods. Instead, clerics, druids, and paladins tap into sacred energies through devotion, meditation, and resolve. Violating one’s religious tenets won’t result in a loss of this ability, but a crisis of faith might. 
Individuals can’t become wizards through study alone. The arcane magic of both sorcerers and wizards alike is borne in the blood, which may be harnessed via practice and study. The laws of the land bar arcane spellcasters from holding noble titles.