1. Delerium Crystals and You - A Gainsbury Expeditionary Supply Company Pamphlet The module mentions that Gainsbury sells a pamphlet for 1 GP on the correct methods for safely handling and extracting delerium crystals. I ended up writing my own version of this pamphlet, and thought I'd post it here in-case other peeps wanted something to give their players if they buy the pamphlet. Can't guarantee this is 100% correct to the book information, though it's mostly cobbled together from sections taken from the module, with me filling in the gaps from memory and my own headcannon. --- 

#### The pamphlet begins with a long-winded telling of the Marlowe Company’s founding approximately 20 years ago as a family-run mining supply business, how they moved to Drakkenheim around 5 years ago as the delerium boom began, and how the following information was sourced from many “reputable” adventurers

Delerium is a magical mineral left behind by the meteor that hit Drakkenheim many years ago. It appears in geode clusters of translucent, sharp-edged yellowey-greeney-purple crystals, (mages insist this colour is called “iridescent”). These eldritch stones softly hum in dissonant tones, and glow brightly with an octarine light at night or when exposed to magic. Deposits can be found throughout Drakkenheim, often fused into the ground or buildings, though the largest – and most lucrative – deposits are said to be more often found closest to the main crater.  
    Since these crystals are often found embedded in chunks of meteoric iron, they are best extracted using mining equipment, such as that sold by the Gainsbury Expeditionary Supply Company… … 
	``What follows is a detailing of the many fascinating pieces of mining equipment sold by the Gainsbury Company, the methods for using these tools correctly, and an extoling of the quality of their equipment over that of alternative mining supply companies``
	When harvesting delerium, you should always be wearing protective gear. Never under any circumstances make bodily contact with the crystals. Though adventurers report thick protective gloves can be used to safely handle samples in a pinch, the Gainsbury Company recommends that tongs or a similar instrument be used to safely handle extracted fragments, keeping the shards at-least arms reach away from your torso and never held above any part of your body. …
	``What follows is a multi-step diagram of crystal shard extraction, showing a human male dressed in a comedic amount of protective gear handling a fragment the size of a thumbnail using tongs and placing it in alchemical container``
	 … During the extraction process, your focus should entirely be on your own safety and not that of the crystal sample. Numerous reports speak of the great durability of delerium, with stray pickaxe swings seemingly leaving samples unscathed. However, some accounts have emerged of crystals being damageable by magical means, with one mage reporting that a stray blast of eldritch energy caused one particularly large sample to “sorta turn inside out, then explode” followed by “down not being down anymore”. Further elaboration was not provided.
    

For storage and transport, it is recommended that delerium samples be kept in reinforced alchemical vessels. Adventurers report empty potion vials being ideally suited for transporting smaller fragments, though vessels suitable for transporting larger shards are available at reasonable prices from the Gainsbury Supply Company, (beginning at 20GP for a vessel suitable for transporting around 5 lbs. of delerium). 

Transporting the crystals in non-reinforced glass vessels is not recommended, as these have a habit of becoming damaged during the running, fighting, and other antics adventurers report frequently occurring within the city. Whist in a pinch the crystals can be wrapped in blankets or furs for transport, it is strongly advised these be kept separate from other supplies to avoid potential accidental direct skin contact with the samples. If crystals are transported in this manner, it is vital the blankets or furs used be disposed of after use, as they will almost certainly be contaminated with delerium flakes and so rendered completely unsafe for further use. Mages report that crystal samples can be safely stored in “extradimensional spaces” with “no apparent ramifications for the operator or samples”.