**Holidays**
*First Saint's Remembrance Day:* The loyal warriors of Saint Tarna, the first paladin of the Sacred Flame, first celebrated this holiday after her martyrdom that toppled a tyrannical sorcerer-king. Both a solemn and joyous day, adherents to the faith of the Sacred Flame commit themselves to a day of service to their communities and to their chapels without rest. Disciples proselytize the tenets of the Sacred Flame in the streets, acolytes offer healing and support to those in need, and high priests perform extensive rituals of prayer and purification. The holiday concludes at midnight, where those blessed with divine casting fire motes of light into the sky, illuminating the dark skies of Westem채r. This holiday falls on February 24th.

*Feast of the Faithful:* Before Saint Vitruvio's defense of Drakkenheim against the avatar of the Dragon Queen, he partook in a grand feast with his closest brothers and sisters in the Sacred Flame. The Sacred Flame reveres his bravery by hosting feasts within each city of Westem채r.  However, citizens of any faith and any social class are welcome to participate in and contribute to the feast. Eager chefs host friendly cooking competitions to prepare the finest appetizers, entrees, and desserts in all of Westem채r. This holiday falls on November 31st. 

*The Emberwood:* Citizens of Emberwood Village congregate around the center of the village at night to share myths, tall tales, historical accounts, folklore, and other various stories. Old Zoya, the village's ancient druid, judges each story and offers her blessings to the finest storytellers of the evening. This holiday falls on July 17th.

*Coronation Day:* Whenever a new monarch of Westem채r arises, it is custom for them to parade throughout Drakkenheim, delivering speeches and giving back to their subjects. Every year that follows, another parade commences on the same day of the coronation, until a new monarch arises. However, this holiday has not been celebrated for fifteen years. The last coronation day was in May, on the 6th.